README.md, before:

# Chocolate-Chip-Cookies
Don't know where the base recipe came from. Maybe [AllRecipes.com](www.allrecipes.com). Improved (made more chewy) by using the tips from [__The Science of Good Cooking__](https://www.amazon.com/Science-Cooking-Cooks-Illustrated-Cookbooks/dp/1933615982).

## How to own this recipe
- Click "Fork" in the top right corner of the page and it's yours :)

## How to improve this recipe
- Click clone in desktop on this page
- Open recipe in text editor
- Make suggested changes to recipe in the README.md
- add, commit, push changes
- create a pull request

## Ingredients
- 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
- 1/2 cup granulated sugar
- 1 1/3 cup packed light-brown sugar
- 2 teaspoons vanilla (preferably Mexican)
- 2 eggs
- 1 teaspoon Baking Powder
- 1 teaspoon Baking Soda
- 1 teaspoon Salt
- 3 cups Flour
- 6 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips (half-bag)

### Cream Together
- 1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
- 1/2 cup granulated sugar
- 1 1/3 cup packed light-brown sugar
After mixing, let sit for at least 5 minutes to let the sugars dissolve in the butter.

### Mix In
- 2 teaspoons vanilla (preferably Mexican)
- 2 eggs
Mix until slightly fluffy.

### Combine
- 1 teaspoon Baking Soda
- 1 teaspoon Baking Powder
- 1 teaspoon Salt
- 1 cup Flour
Stir together then add to existing mixture.

### Mix In
- 2 cups Flour
- 6 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips
Add the flour a cup at a time. Add the chocolate chips after adding the last cup of flour and before blending. This keeps the chocolate chips from clumping at the bottom of the bowl.

## Baking Directions
- Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
- Roll the dough into balls about the size of a golf ball and place on a cookie sheet. Space the balls about 2 inches apart.
- Bake until the tops of the cookies start to crack and the sides start to brown, usually 8 to 10 minutes.
- Take the cookies out of the oven and leave on the cookie sheet until the sheet is cool enough to hold. This lets the cookies cook a little bit more.
- Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely.
- Ensure that the sheet is cooled before placing the next set of cookies on it. 

## Storage Directions
- Store cookies in an airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week, if they last that long.

Commit message:

update measurements and cook time
Use weight based measurement for more consistent results
Decrease baking temperature and increase bake time to have a less gooey middle

README.md, after:

# Chocolate-Chip-Cookies
Don't know where the base recipe came from. Maybe [AllRecipes.com](www.allrecipes.com). Improved (made more chewy) by using the tips from [__The Science of Good Cooking__](https://www.amazon.com/Science-Cooking-Cooks-Illustrated-Cookbooks/dp/1933615982).

## How to own this recipe
- Click "Fork" in the top right corner of the page and it's yours :)

## How to improve this recipe
- Click clone in desktop on this page
- Open recipe in text editor
- Make suggested changes to recipe in the README.md
- add, commit, push changes
- create a pull request

## Ingredients
- 226g (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
- 110g granulated sugar
- 324g cup packed light-brown sugar
- 2 teaspoons vanilla (preferably Mexican)
- 2 eggs
- 1 teaspoon Baking Powder
- 1 teaspoon Baking Soda
- 1 teaspoon Salt
- 476g Flour
- 6 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips (half-bag)

### Cream Together
- 226g (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
- 110g granulated sugar
- 324g cup packed light-brown sugar
After mixing, let sit for at least 5 minutes to let the sugars dissolve in the butter.

### Mix In
- 2 teaspoons vanilla (preferably Mexican)
- 2 eggs
Mix until slightly fluffy.

### Combine
- 1 teaspoon Baking Soda
- 1 teaspoon Baking Powder
- 1 teaspoon Salt
- 150g Flour
Stir together then add to existing mixture.

### Mix In
- 326g Flour
- 6 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips
Add the flour a little bit at a time. When about half of the flour is left add the chocolate chips to the flour and mix a little bit before adding the flour/chips mixture to the dough. This keeps the chocolate chips from clumping at the bottom of the bowl.

## Baking Directions
- Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
- Roll the dough into balls a little smaller than a golf ball and place on a cookie sheet. Space the balls about 2 inches apart.
- Bake until the tops of the cookies start to crack and the sides start to brown, usually around 12 minutes.
- Take the cookies out of the oven and leave on the cookie sheet until the sheet is cool enough to hold. This lets the cookies bake a little bit more.
- Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely.
- Ensure that the sheet is cooled before placing the next set of cookies on it. 

## Storage Directions
- Store cookies in an airtight container at room temperature up to 1 week, if they last that long.
